### Populate an Immunization Registry

#### Description

The data required within an Immunization Registry to enable the control
and elimination of vaccine preventable diseases by ensuring the
provision of information and knowledge necessary to stakeholders using
the registry to achieve the best possible immunization coverage for
subjects.

#### Reference Models

[**Immunization**](StructureDefinition-Immunization.html).

This model uses the following specialized models:

  - [Subject of Care](StructureDefinition-Subject-uc1.html)

  - [Immunization Forecast](StructureDefinition-Forecast-uc1.html)

  - Product

### Record a Current immunization event.

#### Description

The data required by an immunizer or authorized person who has just
immunized a subject to record and/or share the immunization event. The
authorized person has complete information about the product (has vial
in hand) and its administration to the subject who received the product.
This immunization record may be shared with an Immunization Registry or
other system.

#### Reference Model

### Record a Historic immunization event.

#### Description

The data required by an authorized person who is required to record
and/or share an immunization event that occurred in the past. The
information may or may not include all information pertaining the
product or its administration to the subject.

#### Reference Model

### Create Subject Immunization history

#### Description

The data required by a clinician or subject with the intent to view
and/or review a subject's immunization history. The immunization history
could pertain to one vaccine preventable disease or cover all
immunization events over time that pertain to a subject.

#### Reference Model

### Create Subject immunization reminder

#### Description

The data required by a clinician or subject that identifies the
subject's next scheduled vaccination or dose. This may be generated by
an Immunization Registry or other system.

### Create anonymized immunization reports.

#### Description

This data required by an authorised agency/entity to create a report
that demonstrates an anonymized population level immunization
status/summary, i.e., a status of COVID-19 immunization at a certain
location or country.

#### Reference Model
